hey guys Chad and Angie here and it's
day 1 of scream team's favorite things
Christmas giveaway five days of
giveaways that we are doing all this
week starting today Monday the 19th and
going through Friday the 23rd we have
lots of nice items yes lots of awesome
items and we're gonna announce the
winners on December 25th Christmas Day
on the first Christmas screeching date
to me master of control art from a ver
angle controllers we're huge fans of
evil controllers calm and we love their
moderate controllers simply wanted to
give away the ultimate modded controller
all right guys this is the ultimate
modded controller it has over 23 unique
features and 20 savable empty slots and
this Master Minded controller comes
preloaded with all the best mod features
this is like a legend of all the other
mods they have different games have
different functions you press different
buttons to get like rapid-fire and that
sort of thing so I think it's really
awesome
but my favorite feature on this is this
d-pad replacement with these four
buttons because none of us like the
default Xbox controller d-pad do we this
one makes its but another thing we love
about evil controllers is their
partnered with the AbleGamers foundation
that's right we just want to bring some
awareness to the gaming community about
gamers with disabilities you don't think
about it often but millions of gamers
would be left out of the gaming culture
today force for evil controllers and
their hardware okay now it's time to
enter to win the evil controllers master
mod controller changer you only have to
do two things subscribe to our channel
by hitting the button above and comment
below yeah let us know how much you want
that item and we're gonna be choosing
the winners at random from the comments
only right the more comments opposed the
better chance you have to win be sure to
get your comments in before midnight
Time on December 24th yeah we will
announce the winners on Christmas Day
and in case you missed it be sure to
check out a Christmas music video that's
right you guys thanks for an awesome
year 2011 was a lot of fun and now we
hope you all have a very Merry Christmas
Happy Holidays
bye Santa's coming to the house tonight
so we feel he's gonna make your season
bright and we wish you Merry Christmas
have a happy holiday